feat(ai-gateway): Missing HuggingFace provider documentation (#3938)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/set-up-ai-proxy-with-huggingface.md

  a: Create a Gateway Service and a Route, then enable the AI Proxy plugin and configure it with the HuggingFace provider and add the model and your API key.

tools:
  - deck

prereqs:
  inline:
    - title: HuggingFace
      content: |
        You need an active HuggingFace account with API access. Sign up at [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/) and obtain your API token from the [Access Tokens page](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens). Ensure you have access to the HuggingFace Inference API, and export your token to your environment:
        ```sh
        export DECK_HUGGINGFACE_TOKEN='YOUR HUGGINGFACE API TOKEN'
        ```
      icon_url: /assets/icons/huggingface.svg  
  entities:
    services:
      - example-service
    routes:
      - example-route

cleanup:
  inline:
    - title: Clean up Konnect environment
      include_content: cleanup/platform/konnect
      icon_url: /assets/icons/gateway.svg
    - title: Destroy the {{site.base_gateway}} container
      include_content: cleanup/products/gateway
      icon_url: /assets/icons/gateway.svg

---

## Configure the plugin

To set up AI Proxy with HuggingFace, we need to specify the model to use.

> In this example, we'll use the SmolLM model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we'll use the Qwen3-4B-Instruct-2507 model:
```
